[ Triple Modular Redundancy ]

Building State follows the triple modular redundancy design. The core
philosophy here is :

  a) for every given input, it is delivered to 3x separate processors
  b) all 3x outputs are then compared :
    - Normally, all 3x outputs must match
    - If one output does not match, it is marked as bad
    - If all 3x outputs do not match, no action is taken and an alarm is fired

By following this design, we validate the function of SDS (Software Defined
Stuff) components. For example, when rolling out a new version of an SDS
component, we deploy the new version as a single instance first. We can now
compare the responses of the new version against the 2x older instances. Once
we're comfortable with the stability and function of the new version, we can
safely rollout to all 3x instances.

[ The Majority Gate (MG) ]

This requires that SDS components deliver their action requests to a Majority
Gate (MG). The job of the MG is to decide whether to forward or drop the SDS
action requests. When in agreement, the MG will publish one copy of the action
requests into the "<site>/ec/commands/..." topic. Thus, the MQTT broker should
be configured to only allow the MG to publish to this topic.

When an event is published from an EC to a particular topic (eg, button
pressed), it is assumed that all 3x SDS component instances have subscribed
to the topic and will process the event independantly. Thus, it is likely that
they will publish their action request (if any) to the MG at almost the same
time. Thus, the MG can expect to receive 3x action requests within a small
window and perform its job swiftly. However, SDS instances which poll for
metrics (eg, every 60 secs), may submit action requests to the MG in an
uncordinated manner. In this case, the MG may have to wait up to 60 secs
before deciding on its final action. In many cases, such a delay may be
perfectly fine. For example, turning on the garden light when it gets dark.
Thus, all action requests must be tagged with a validity timer. This validity
timer sets a timeout for the MG to accept similar action requests. In the
case of the button, it may be 2 seconds. In the case of the garden light,
it may be 60 seconds.

[ Sensor Cross Checks ]

Where applicable, it is the responsibility of SDS components to perform
sensor cross checks before delivering an action request. For example, an
SDS component, upon receiving an event on a subscribed topic should query
Building State on neighboring sensors if possible, so as to corroborate its
final decision.

